{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 0 > Welcome in! Let me know if I can get anything for you.\
	> What are you serving?\
	> Have you heard about the party?\
\
What are you serving?\
1 > Here, try a sample of our coconut beet-root chai. I make it myself.\
	> Wow, this is delicious!\
	> Have you heard about the part?\
\
Have you heard about the party?\
2 > Yeah, sounds like fun. I wish I could go, but there\'92s just so much to do around here. The watermill that powers the cafe has been acting funny, and I can\'92t seem to figure it out. Maybe if I got that fixed, I could step away for a bit.\
	> I could try to fix the mill.\
	> You should get out more.\
\
Wow, this is delicious!\
3 > Thanks!\
	> Have you heard about the party?\
\
I could try to fix the mill.\
4 > Really? That would be amazing. The watermill also powers the lift that takes you to the top of the dam, which is kinda fun.\
	> Say no more!\
\
Say no more!\
5 > Wow, you are the best! I\'92ll be here if you need me.\
\
You should get out more.\
6 > Do you know how hard it is to run a coffee shop at the bottom of a well? Maybe you\'92re right\'85 but, I like it here. This is my happy place. \
	> I could try to fix the mill.\
\
7 > How\'92s it going?\
	> I fixed the mill!\
	> Still working on the mill.\
	> What are you serving?\
\
I fixed the mill!\
8 > Wait, really? No kidding! \'85You know, maybe I should go check out that party. This place will be here when I get back.\
	> I\'92ll see you there!\
\
I\'92ll see you there!\
> Awesome! Thanks again.\
	}